PAGINATOR(1)                General Commands Manual               PAGINATOR(1)

NAME
     paginator - X11 desktop pager

SYNOPSIS
     paginator [-iw] [-c corner] [-g geometry] [-l layout] [-o orientation]

DESCRIPTION
     paginator is a desktop pager for X11 that provides to the user a GUI
     interface to change the current desktop or the current window with
     mouse's button 1.

     The options are as follows:

     -c corner
          Specify the corner of the pager in which the first desktop should be
          placed.  The argument for this option must be TL, TR, BL, or BR
          (top-left, top-right, bottom-left, or bottom-right, respectively).
          If not provided, the starting corner will be top-left.

     -g geometry
          Specify a size for the pager window.  The argument for this option
          must be a geometry specification recognized by XParseGeometry(1) If
          not provided, the window size will be computed from the pager
          layout, the number of desktops and the size of the screen.

     -i   Draw window icons on the pager.

     -l layout
          Specify the layout of the pager.  The argument for this option must
          be in the format NCOLSxNROWS, where NCOLS is the number of columns
          in the pager, and NROWS is the number of rows in the pager.  If not
          specified, the number of columns will be 2, and the number of rows
          will be computed from the number of desktops.

     -o orientation
          Specify the orientation of the desktops on the pager.  The argument
          for this option must be H, or V (horizontal or vertical,
          respectively).  If not provided, the starting corner will be
          horizontal.

     -w   Start in the withdrawn mode.  This makes paginator work like a
          dockapp.

     Paginator only works in cooperation with EWMH-compliant window managers.
     In particular, with window managers which set the
     _NET_CLIENT_LIST_STACKING and _NET_NUMBER_OF_DESKTOPS properties.

ENVIRONMENT
     The following environment variables affect the execution of paginator

     DISPLAY
          The display to start paginator on.

SEE ALSO
     X(1)

                                                                  PAGINATOR(1)
